Add natural language linting (#335)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/get-started/index.md

*  Create a shopping app. This can be a traditional app that a user downloads on a mobile device. You could also create an app that an employee uses on a showroom floor to help customers make purchases.

> *  Integrate with CRM (Customer Relationship Management) or ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) back-end systems, such as Salesforce or Xero.

Author: ```suggestion
*  Integrate with CRM (Customer Relationship Management) or ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) backend systems, such as Salesforce or Xero.
```
